If you know me, you know that Christmas is my favorite holiday, November and December are my favorite months of the year, and I get annoyingly happy around that time of the year. During my time at Baylor, early December also signified the end of the semester, and the beginning of "finals week", which meant one thing for me: it's time to cook up. Every finals week from my Sophomore year until I graduated from Baylor, I made one beat every single day of that week, in order to keep my sanity, and remind myself that this time was temporary, and I still needed to do the things that I wanted to do in order to be happy. In the winter of 2019, however, I got the idea to turn all of these beats that I create into a beat tape. I didn't have a name, I didn't have a plan. The only idea I had was to sample Christmas songs, starting with "Grandma Got Run Over By a Reindeer". This finals week saw a healthy balance of studying and studio time, and it resulted in one of my best finals weeks both academically and musically.

I asked people to give me samples so I could make as many beats as possible. My brother ended up giving me the two that resulted in two of my personal favorites from the project, "Dreamers" and "Snitch". My brother actually gave me the idea right before I walked into my final for Numerical Methods, and I thought of the beat as I was taking the final (I got an 82 on that final and a B in the class). Other than this, many of the samples I tried to use came from my own personal list of all-time Christmas favorites, with my favorite sample chop happening to come from my favorite Christmas Tune of all-time in "Mean". The goal here, as it will be with all beat tapes, was to just make beats and put out the good ones. Making it free was not only in the mere princple of making a beat tape, but also to allow a community of listeners to enjoy something together without the worries of monetization, copyright, or promotion. However, you can donate on Bandcamp when you download the tape, if you want to. No one is stopping you.