On October 15, 2017, I was walking with some friends to the dining hall adjacent to my dorm at Baylor. I planned to eat the same meal that I usually ate unless there was pizza or seasoned chicken: a Caesar salad. I usually talked about random things at meals with this group of guys that I rolled with, but today, I had something on my mind. At this point, I had been making beats for a little over six months. For the most part, I kept my new hobby quiet. Not even my father knew that I was embracing my life-long love for music again. But now, I wanted to show the world what I had created. I just wanted to give people one more entry to their SoundCloud playlist. So, on that fateful, October 15 evening, as my friends and I walked into East Village Dining Commons, I proclaimed, "Guys, I think I'm going to post my first beat tomorrow."

Three years, an album, a beat tape, a hip-hop collective, and three singles later, it's only fitting that I finally say, "Welcome to the show."

Zae's Room is the culmination of everything that has been the last three and a half years of trying to figure out who I am. However, I wanted to make this story something that everyone could relate to, similar to Maestro. If Maestro was the press release before the movie comes out giving a detailed description of the cast and the characters they portray, Zae's Room is the first act of that movie. Every song serves as an introduction to me through my dreams. In other words, every song is a "dream", except for one, which was actaually based on a real-life event. These dreams, however, are just amalgamations of the things that are closest to me - the things that are in my world, and my world alone. As a member of Community Service, I also felt it necessary to continue the story of DJ Montee Maxxxummmmmm, who will only get more interesting as the saga of Community Service Radio continues. In short, "Zae's Room" is my space. It's my head, and this album is the tour through that head of mine. On the way, you meet characters and personalities that should help you comprehend it all, such as Sir Wellington and Roscoe, Rico and Nico, and the mysterious neighborhood beauty, Tina. I say, once again, "Welcome to the show."

The album doesn't follow one hip-hop sub-genre, but rather tries to pull from the core elements of hip-hop and fuses them  with all of my favorite movie scores. I also listened to a lot of Kanye. This album is very much focused on highlighting what I have learned in string and brass composition, while also remaining true to my origins as a percussionist. The piano is featured heavily in the project as well, as I've been trying to get better with my piano composition and performance with every project. Making this album a "producer album", where every track has features, was the first step in trying to create relatable stories through my instrumentals. This was also a chance to expand on my ability build songs from the ground up. "Fast Lane" was a my first try, and "Toonami" from "Community Service Radio Vol. 1" proved that the concepts and method of production, recording, and engineering used on the track could work for not only one song, but an entire project. I wanted to work with my friends and family. Not only were there several features, but good friends and family members provide extra vocals to give the songs life. This style of production and songwriting will be expanded upon in future projects and collaborations, and I hope to only build a world around what I've created in my "room".

Zae's Room is dedicated to my little brother, Isaac, for being the inspiration behind this album's humor, for being Nico in the skit, and for being the best brother anybody could ever ask for. Zae's Room is also dedicated to my friend, Bella, for inspiring me to write the last verse, and for always being there for me when I need her, even though she sucks at texting me back.

This album was released on digital streaming platforms on November 20, 2020.